README.md, before:

# MP3 File Analysis App

Speedy and tiny API that accepts an MP3 upload at `/file-upload` and responds with the MPEG Version 1 Layer III frame count.

## Setup

1) Copy the env template and edit values as needed:
```bash
cp .env.example .env
```
2) Install deps and start the server:
```bash
npm install
npm run dev   # start with tsx watch
# or
npm run build && npm start
```

## Local commands (root package.json)
- `npm run dev` – start Fastify in watch mode via tsx.
- `npm run build` – type-check/compile with TypeScript.
- `npm start` – run the compiled server from `dist`.
- `npm test` – run Vitest suite (unit + integration).
- `npm run lint` – ESLint with TypeScript config.
- `npm run format` – Prettier format all files.

## Samples and integration tests
- Sample MP3/MP2 files live in `samples/`.
- `tests/mp3Parser.integration.test.ts` exercises the parser against known-good (and known-bad) samples and asserts exact frame counts (e.g., SoundHelix, 3‑minute sample, tiny 2‑frame file, truncated files, and invalid `.mp2`).
- You can drop additional MP3s into `samples/` and wire them into the expectation map in that test to validate against MediaInfo values.
- Root `npm test` only runs the main app suite (deploy tests live in the `deploy/` package).

## Endpoint

- `POST /file-upload` with `multipart/form-data` and a single MP3 file field.
- Success response: `{"frameCount": <number>}`
- Error response (400): `{"error": "<reason>"}`
- Error response (500): `Unexpected error`

## How to manual test locally

Examples (curl):

- Upload: `curl -F "file=@samples/SoundHelix-Song-1.mp3;type=audio/mpeg" http://localhost:3000/file-upload`
- Upload with different sample: `curl -F "file=@samples/tiny2frames.mp3;type=audio/mpeg" http://localhost:3000/file-upload`
- No file (expect 400): `curl -X POST http://localhost:3000/file-upload`

Postman: import `postman/MP3 File Analysis.postman_collection.json` and set:
- `baseUrl` (e.g., `http://localhost:3000`)
- `sampleFile` pointing to a local MP3

## Running automated tests -- it runs all unit and integration tests in root directory

```bash
npm test
```

Tests cover parser helpers, upload plugin, error handling, server wiring, and integration against the sample audio files. Deploy-layer tests live under `deploy/` and are opt-in.


## Scripts (package.json)
- `npm run dev` – start Fastify in watch mode via tsx.
- `npm run build` – type-check/compile with TypeScript.
- `npm start` – run the compiled server from dist.
- `npm test` – run Vitest suite (unit + integration).
- `npm run lint` – ESLint with TypeScript config.
- `npm run format` – Prettier format all files.

## CI
In .github directory there is a PR validation. It is simple, it runs linter and all tests on the PR and fails if something is bad. 

GitHub Actions workflow `.github/workflows/pull-request.yml` runs on pull requests:
- Node matrix: 20, 22
- `npm ci`
- `npm run build -- --noEmit` (type check)
- `npm test`

## Notes
- App is fully tested (unit + integration) and documented in this README, inline comments, and Postman collection.
- Samples are versioned alongside tests to guard against regressions in parsing/counting.

## Remaining Tasks / Future Work

- Exercise the parser against a more wider variety of MP3s produced by different encoders/tools to harden validation.
- Succesfully deploy it to AWS, and might create a lambda + s3 and some messaging solution for huge files.
- Support big files (streaming, s3 )
- Adding caching
- Adding virus/malware scanning if this was a production used service

## Deploy (CDK) --- not tested yet, please do not deploy it :)

- The content of deploy directory is only for me. Later I want to deploy it to my personal AWS account, this part in deploy directory has not been tested/deployed yet. I mention it to Readme, avoiding the confusions.

- CDK app lives in `deploy/` (separate package.json).
- Install deps there with `npm install` (inside `deploy/`), then:
  - `npm run synth` – synthesize the stack
  - `npm run diff` – compare against deployed stack
  - `npm run deploy` – deploy
  - `npm run test` – Vitest snapshot test for the stack template
  - `npm run snapshot:update` – update the stack snapshot
- Main stack file: `deploy/lib/mp3-file-analysis-stack.ts`
- Snapshot test: `deploy/test/mp3-file-analysis-stack.test.ts`

Commit message:

fix: incorrect error message and modified the readme file

README.md, after:

# MP3 File Analysis App

Speedy and tiny API that accepts an MP3 upload at `/file-upload` and responds with the MPEG Version 1 Layer III frame count.

## Setup

1) Copy the env template and edit values as needed:
```bash
cp .env.example .env
```
2) Install deps and start the server:
```bash
npm install
npm run dev   # start with tsx watch
# or
npm run build && npm start
```

## Local commands (root package.json)
- `npm run dev` – start Fastify in watch mode via tsx.
- `npm run build` – type-check/compile with TypeScript.
- `npm start` – run the compiled server from `dist`.
- `npm test` – run Vitest suite (unit + integration).
- `npm run lint` – ESLint with TypeScript config.
- `npm run format` – Prettier format all files.

## Samples and integration tests
- Sample MP3/MP2 files live in `samples/`.
- `tests/mp3Parser.integration.test.ts` exercises the parser against known-good (and known-bad) samples and asserts exact frame counts (e.g., SoundHelix, 3‑minute sample, tiny 2‑frame file, truncated files, and invalid `.mp2`).
- You can drop additional MP3s into `samples/` and wire them into the expectation map in that test to validate against MediaInfo values.
- Root `npm test` only runs the main app suite (deploy tests live in the `deploy/` package).


## Logging

App uses and extends Fastify logger and logs warnings, infos and errors in terminal.

## Endpoint

- `POST /file-upload` with `multipart/form-data` and a single MP3 file field.
- Success response: `{"frameCount": <number>}`
- Error response (400): `{"error": "<reason>"}`
- Error response (500): `Unexpected error`

## How to manual test locally and responses

Examples (curl):

- Upload: `curl -F "file=@samples/SoundHelix-Song-1.mp3;type=audio/mpeg" http://localhost:3000/file-upload`
- Upload with different sample: `curl -F "file=@samples/tiny2frames.mp3;type=audio/mpeg" http://localhost:3000/file-upload`
- No file uploaddd (expect 400): `curl -X POST http://localhost:3000/file-upload`

- If the file is bigger than the limit: HTTP 400 {"error":"File too large."}
- Invalid mp3 file: HTTP 400 {"error":"Invalid MP3 file content."}

Postman: import `postman/MP3 File Analysis.postman_collection.json` and set:
- `baseUrl` (e.g., `http://localhost:3000`)
- `sampleFile` pointing to a local MP3

## Running automated tests -- it runs all unit and integration tests in root directory

```bash
npm test
```

Tests cover parser helpers, upload plugin, error handling, server wiring, and integration against the sample audio files. Deploy-layer tests live under `deploy/` and are opt-in.


## Scripts (package.json)
- `npm run dev` – start Fastify in watch mode via tsx.
- `npm run build` – type-check/compile with TypeScript.
- `npm start` – run the compiled server from dist.
- `npm test` – run Vitest suite (unit + integration).
- `npm run lint` – ESLint with TypeScript config.
- `npm run format` – Prettier format all files.

## CI
In .github directory there is a PR validation. It is simple, it runs linter and all tests on the PR and fails if something is bad. 

GitHub Actions workflow `.github/workflows/pull-request.yml` runs on pull requests:
- Node matrix: 20, 22
- `npm ci`
- `npm run build -- --noEmit` (type check)
- `npm test`

## Notes
- App is fully tested (unit + integration) and documented in this README, inline comments, and Postman collection.
- Samples are versioned alongside tests to guard against regressions in parsing/counting.

## Remaining Tasks / Future Work

- Exercise the parser against a more wider variety of MP3s produced by different encoders/tools to harden validation.
- Succesfully deploy it to AWS, and might create a lambda + s3 and some messaging solution for huge files.
- Support big files (streaming, s3 )
- Adding caching
- Adding virus/malware scanning if this was a production used service
- Adding OpenAPI

## Deploy (CDK) --- not tested yet, please do not deploy it :)

- The content of deploy directory is only for me. Later I want to deploy it to my personal AWS account, this part in deploy directory has not been tested/deployed yet. I mention it to Readme, avoiding the confusions.

- CDK app lives in `deploy/` (separate package.json).
- Install deps there with `npm install` (inside `deploy/`), then:
  - `npm run synth` – synthesize the stack
  - `npm run diff` – compare against deployed stack
  - `npm run deploy` – deploy
  - `npm run test` – Vitest snapshot test for the stack template
  - `npm run snapshot:update` – update the stack snapshot
- Main stack file: `deploy/lib/mp3-file-analysis-stack.ts`
- Snapshot test: `deploy/test/mp3-file-analysis-stack.test.ts`
